Seventh Master, I didn't know he was for children
I swear I just see him as more precious
I just brought it for you
This, this, I didn't mean it.
I didn't mean it.
Master Qin, today is Master Qin's birthday banquet
How dare you bring something like this here?
I think your Fang family is about to come to an end
Seventh Master Seventh Master doesn't want me Seventh Master
Seventh Master
Let's go dear
I think it's better to close all their shops
Give it to our Feng family, hahaha.
Received the Fang family's ship
Take all the cooperation with the Fang family
Throw this thing out and go
I don't want to see you again.
Seventh Master Seventh Master
Mr. Fan, take it for me
Hey
This love is really stingy
It was such a trivial matter that the Fang family was destroyed
But hum
This circle is also self-inflicted
Qin Yue?
Self-punishment must come
Who wants to make him unhappy?
It must end well
Oh.
Is that right, Master Huang?
Hurry up and be next
Yes, yes, the next one is Chen Tianshi's granddaughter
Miss Chen presents a gift to Master Qing
This baby is my grandfather specially worried about you.
You must like it.
Fragments are actually fragments
Hahaha, that's also called baby.
Chen Tianshi
Just let you give me something like this.